Data Engineer 
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India · Reposted 2 hours ago · Over 100 potential applicants

 On-site
Matches your job preferences, workplace type is On-site.
Full-time

Apply

Save
Save Data Engineer  at News Corp
How your profile and resume fit this job
Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Try Premium for ₹0



Tailor my resume to this job

Am I a good fit for this job?

How can I best position myself for this job?

People you can reach out to
Genpact logo
Genpact logo
Company alumni from Genpact

Show all
About the job
Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets

Job Description :

About the Role - We are looking for a Data Engineer with experience in analytical abilities in GCP BigQuery, ETL/BL, Python, Composer / Airflow, SQL, GCP Services - with the ability to operate in an agile environment and keen to detail while understanding the larger data warehouse.

Skills & Competencies

A minimum of 2.5 years+ of working experience as a hands on data engineering is a must.
Advanced degree in the field of computer science, Data Engineering, Data Analytics or equivalent discipline.
Strong programming experience with Python, SQL, ETL and efficiently querying big datasets using SQL.
Prior experience with Circle CI CI/CD, Terraform and Github version control is a must.
Solid understanding of Data collection, data ingestion, data integration, and data operations & maintenance.
Experience in working with Front end technologies such as React, Angular, Flask, Javascript, HTML, CSS is a plus.
Domain knowledge on News Media and Communications is an added advantage.

Responsibilities

Design, implement and maintain the scalable and reliable GCP cloud based data infrastructure and BI - ELT processes
Collaborate with cross functional teams to define data architecture and data warehouse requirements
Automate data pipelines/ ETL / ELT processes, and data integration workflows using infrastructure as code (IaC) and configuration management tools.
Deliver production quality, modular, reproducible code in Python, SQL.
Implement continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) pipelines for data pipelines and data related applications.
Keep abreast of the latest developments in the field through continuous learning and proactively champion promising new methods relevant to the problems at hand.

Our Tech Stack

Google Cloud Platform is laaS
BigQuery, GCS, Python, SQL
Composer / Airflow - orcestration tools
Terraform, Circle CI, CI/CD, Github, Hira, Confluence

This job is posted with NTS Technology Services Pvt. Ltd.

Job Category: