Data Engineer [T500-14863] 
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India · 1 week ago · Over 100 applicants

 On-site
Matches your job preferences, workplace type is On-site.
Full-time
0 of 1 skills match
Required skills are missing from your profile

Easy Apply

Save
Save Data Engineer [T500-14863]  at Talent500
How your profile and resume fit this job
Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Try Premium for ₹0



Tailor my resume to this job

Am I a good fit for this job?

How can I best position myself for this job?

People you can reach out to
Genpact logo
Genpact logo
Company alumni from Genpact

Show all
About the job
Responsibilities for Data Engineer:

Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture,
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS ‘big data’ technologies.
Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into customer acquisition, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics.
Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs.
Keep our data separated and secure across national boundaries through multiple data centers and AWS regions.
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems.


Qualifications:

Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Experience building and optimizing ‘big data’ data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
Strong analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable ‘big data’ data stores.
Strong project management and organizational skills.
Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment.
We are looking for a candidate with 3-5 years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field.
They should also have experience using the following software/tools:
Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc.
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc