Zemoso Technologies logo
Zemoso Technologies
Share
Show more options
Python Developer 
India · 3 hours ago · Over 100 applicants

 Remote
Matches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.
Full-time
1 of 2 skills match: Python (Programming Language)
1 of 2 required skills are found on your profile

Easy Apply

Save
Save Python Developer  at Zemoso Technologies
How your profile and resume fit this job
Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Try Premium for ₹0



Tailor my resume to this job

Am I a good fit for this job?

How can I best position myself for this job?

People you can reach out to
Hemant profile photo
Hemant profile photo
Hemant Gupta 
Hemant Gupta is verified 
· 3rd
Technical Lead
Company alum from Genpact

Follow
Meet the hiring team
Mohammed
Mohammed Mudassir  Mohammed Mudassir is verified
 2nd
Talent Acquisition Member at Zemoso Technologies
Job poster · 4 mutual connections

Message
About the job
Position: Python Developer

Location: Hyderabad/Mumbai/Pune



About Us:



Zemoso Technologies is a Software Product Market Fit Studio that brings Silicon Valley-

style rapid prototyping and rapid application builds to Entrepreneurs and Corporate



innovation. We offer Innovation as a service and work on ideas from scratch and take

them to the Product Market Fit stage using Design Thinking -> Lean Execution -> Agile

Methodology.

We were featured as one of Deloitte's Fastest 50 growing tech companies from India

thrice (2016, 2018, and 2019). We were also featured in Deloitte Technology Fast 500

Asia Pacific both in 2016 and 2018.

We are located in Hyderabad, India, Dallas, US & have recently incorporated another

office in Waterloo, Canada.



What You Will Do:

- Develop innovative software solutions using design thinking, lean, and agile

methodologies.

- Work on high-quality software products using the latest technologies and platforms.

- Collaborate with fast-paced, dynamic teams to deliver value-driven client experiences.

- Mentor and contribute to the growth of the next generation of developers.



Must-Have Skills:

- Experience: 2-4 years.

- Strong proficiency in Python programming language and Django.

- Any one cloud certifications(AWS/AZURE/GCP)

- Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Data Science, or a related field.



Nice to Have Qualifications:

- Experience with Pandas and PySpark.

- Product and customer-centric mindset.

- Great Object-Oriented skills, including design patterns.

- Good to great problem-solving and communication skills.

- Experience in working with cross-border, distributed teams.



Get to know us better:

https://www.zemosolabs.com


