Fractal logo
Fractal
Share
Show more options
Data Engineer 
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India · Reposted 6 days ago · Over 100 potential applicants

 On-site
Matches your job preferences, workplace type is On-site.
Full-time

Apply

Save
Save Data Engineer  at Fractal
Data Engineer
Fractal · Bengaluru, Karnataka, India (On-site)

Apply

Save
Save Data Engineer  at Fractal
Show more options
How your profile and resume fit this job
Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Try Premium for ₹0



Tailor my resume to this job

Am I a good fit for this job?

How can I best position myself for this job?

People you can reach out to



Arunkumar and others in your network

Show all
About the job
It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they are doing!

We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.

The BigData Engineers have expertise in building horizontally scalable applications using distributed technologies like NoSQL Dbs/Hadoop/Spark and others and we execute projects on-premise and cloud based systems. The AI-Engineers and MLOps Engineers work on scaling AI-systems and in building end-to-end productionized MLOps pipelines.

Responsibilities

Our Big Data capability team needs hands-on developers who can produce beautiful & functional code to solve complex analytics problems. If you are an exceptional developer with an aptitude to learn and implement using new technologies, and who loves to push the boundaries to solve complex business problems innovatively, then we would like to talk with you.
You would be responsible for evaluating, developing, maintaining, and testing big data solutions for advanced analytics projects.
The role would involve big data pre-processing & reporting workflows including collecting, parsing, managing, analyzing and visualizing large sets of data to turn information into business insights.
The role would also involve testing various machine learning models on Big Data and deploying learned models for ongoing scoring and prediction. An appreciation of the mechanics of complex machine learning algorithms would be a strong advantage.


Qualifications

Demonstrable experience designing technological solutions to complex data problems, developing & testing modular, reusable, efficient and scalable code to implement those solutions.
Ideally, this would include work on the following technologies:
Expert-level proficiency in at-least one of Java, C++, or Python (preferred). Scala knowledge a strong advantage
Strong understanding and experience in distributed computing frameworks, particularly Apache Hadoop 2.0 (YARN; MR & HDFS) and associated technologies -- one or more of Hive, Sqoop, Avro, Flume, Oozie, Zookeeper, etc.
Hands-on experience with Apache Spark and its components (Streaming, SQL, MLLib) is a strong advantage.
Operating knowledge of cloud computing platforms (AWS, especially EMR, EC2, S3, SWF services and the AWS CLI)
Experience working within a Linux computing environment, and use of command line tools including knowledge of shell/Python scripting for automating common tasks.
Ability to work in a team in an agile setting, familiarity with JIRA and clear understanding of how Git works.
Linux environment and shell scripting


If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!

Not the right fit? Let us know you're interested in a future opportunity by clicking Introduce Yourself in the top-right corner of the page or create an account to set up email alerts as new job postings become available that meet your interest!

