S&P Global logo
S&P Global
Share
Show more options
Data Engineer Associate - SQL Servers, Python and Big Data 
Dismiss job tip
To view company or job poster verifications, click the badge next to the job title.
Hyderabad, Telangana, India · Reposted 2 weeks ago · Over 100 potential applicants

 On-site
Matches your job preferences, workplace type is On-site.
Full-time

Apply

Save
Save Data Engineer Associate - SQL Servers, Python and Big Data  at S&P Global
How your profile and resume fit this job
Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Try Premium for ₹0



Tailor my resume to this job

Am I a good fit for this job?

How can I best position myself for this job?

People you can reach out to
Genpact logo
Genpact logo
Company alumni from Genpact and others in your network

Show all
About the job
About The Role

Grade Level (for internal use):

09

The Team

Content Development Program (CDP) provides high-quality entity, ownership, and compliance data across a wide range of equity and fixed income asset classes. Our data enables financial institutions to make informed decisions around investor relation, trading, valuations, and risk management.

CDP enables efficient collaboration between Issuers, Banks, and Investors by streamlining operations and enhance performance with data-driven portfolio monitoring, investor reporting, investment insights, compliance, valuations, for our Global Clients.

Responsibilities And Impact

Drive and contribute in the design, planning and development of solutions based on business requirements using a diverse range of cloud native technologies
Be an active and highly collaborative team member as part of an agile development team. 
Shows an affinity for finding solutions through discussions with team members. 
Excellent analytical, problem solving, and debugging skills to solve a complex problem, and comfortable exploring them even if the problem and solution are not yet well-defined. 
Flexibility to learn and enhance programming language skills with continuous improvement and finding better ways to do things.
Flexibility to respond on change.
Work closely with Product Owner and business stakeholders and be the driving force to generate business value.
Work closely with other developers, for example by pair programming and participating in code reviews. 
Troubleshoot and fix bugs. 
Provide technical direction and training to more junior Software development personnel with industry best practices. 
Contribute to testing of user stories, features, and releases. 
Contribute insights and suggestions as part of our continuous improvement. 
Generally, pitch in wherever needed to help get a high-quality release out on time. 
Have an ability to think practically and independently while assessing the circumstances and make the best decision based on the facts. 
Must be able to effectively communicate technical information to both technical and non-technical personnel. 

What We’re Looking For

4+ years of hands-on experience in SQL Server
Exposure to ETL tools like SSIS 
Experience in optimizing data pipelines
Development in Python
Experience of working on AWS Services
Familiar with various design and architectural patterns
Excellent communication verbal and written
Problem solving skills

Additional Preferred Skills

Familiarity with NoSQL Databases is a plus. 
Familiarity with Continuous Integration / Continuous Delivery technologies and methodologies is a plus. 
Experience of working on Big Data
Familiarity with Linux.

About S&P Global Market Intelligence

At S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global we understand the importance of accurate, deep and insightful information. Our team of experts delivers unrivaled insights and leading data and technology solutions, partnering with customers to expand their perspective, operate with confidence, and make decisions with conviction.

For more information, visit www.spglobal.com/marketintelligence.

What’s In It For You?

Our Purpose

Progress is not a self-starter. It requires a catalyst to be set in motion. Information, imagination, people, technology–the right combination can unlock possibility and change the world.

Our world is in transition and getting more complex by the day. We push past expected observations and seek out new levels of understanding so that we can help companies, governments and individuals make an impact on tomorrow. At S&P Global we transform data into Essential Intelligence®, pinpointing risks and opening possibilities. We Accelerate Progress.

Our People

We're more than 35,000 strong worldwide—so we're able to understand nuances while having a broad perspective. Our team is driven by curiosity and a shared belief that Essential Intelligence can help build a more prosperous future for us all.

From finding new ways to measure sustainability to analyzing energy transition across the supply chain to building workflow solutions that make it easy to tap into insight and apply it. We are changing the way people see things and empowering them to make an impact on the world we live in. We’re committed to a more equitable future and to helping our customers find new, sustainable ways of doing business. We’re constantly seeking new solutions that have progress in mind. Join us and help create the critical insights that truly make a difference.

Our Values

Integrity, Discovery, Partnership

At S&P Global, we focus on Powering Global Markets. Throughout our history, the world's leading organizations have relied on us for the Essential Intelligence they need to make confident decisions about the road ahead. We start with a foundation of integrity in all we do, bring a spirit of discovery to our work, and collaborate in close partnership with each other and our customers to achieve shared goals.

Benefits

We take care of you, so you can take care of business. We care about our people. That’s why we provide everything you—and your career—need to thrive at S&P Global.

Our Benefits Include

Health & Wellness: Health care coverage designed for the mind and body.
Flexible Downtime: Generous time off helps keep you energized for your time on.
Continuous Learning: Access a wealth of resources to grow your career and learn valuable new skills.
Invest in Your Future: Secure your financial future through competitive pay, retirement planning, a continuing education program with a company-matched student loan contribution, and financial wellness programs.
Family Friendly Perks: It’s not just about you. S&P Global has perks for your partners and little ones, too, with some best-in class benefits for families.
Beyond the Basics: From retail discounts to referral incentive awards—small perks can make a big difference.

For more information on benefits by country visit: https://spgbenefits.com/benefit-summaries

Diversity, Equity, And Inclusion At S&P Global

At S&P Global, we believe diversity fuels creative insights, equity unlocks opportunity, and inclusion drives growth and innovation – Powering Global Markets. Our commitment centers on our global workforce, ensuring that our people are empowered to bring their whole selves to work. It doesn’t stop there, we strive to better reflect and serve the communities in which we live and work, and advocate for greater opportunity for all.

Equal Opportunity Employer

S&P Global is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race/ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other status protected by law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment.

If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person. 

US Candidates Only:  The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law.

20 - Professional (EEO-2 Job Categories-United States of America), IFTECH202.1 - Middle Professional Tier I (EEO Job Group), SWP Priority – Ratings - (Strategic Workforce Planning)

Job ID: 304000

Posted On: 2024-10-04

Location: Hyderabad, Telangana, India

